[Shane] If you don't open this door,
I'll fucking break it down!
I'll smash this fucking glass.
He's been drinking.
[Shane] Chloe, listen!
He's not normally this bad.
[Lucy] You're afraid of him,
you wouldn't have called otherwise.
[Shane] Chloe, listen!
Just listen to me, for fuck's sake!
Chloe.
I love ya.
[Lucy] Chloe?
[Shane] Open the door.
I'm being stupid.
[Lucy] No, you're not...
you're not... you're not.
Sorry, I shouldn't have called.
- [Lucy] Chlo...
- [cell phone beeps]
[ominous music playing]
[Tilly] Mummy?
It's all right, love.
Go back to bed.
Daddy came.
Yeah, mummy and daddy just need to chat.
All right?
Go back to bed, yeah?
[ominous music playing]
[door opens]
[Chloe] Shane?
[screams]
[theme music playing]
[ominous music playing]
[pants]
[Gideon] I saw you that night.
When they took
Shane Fisher away.
I was there, I was standing in the crowd.
After all those years
I've been searching for you
and suddenly th...
there you were.
Back in my life.
By some beautiful twist of fate.
- Beautiful?
- You knew him.
Shane.
You knew what he was going to do.
No. No, no, I didn't.
Is she sleeping all right?
The little girl, Tilly, is she all right?
Lucy.
The things I'm gonna tell you tonight...
are going to sound unlikely.
I'd like very much for you to listen
and then I want you to lie to me,
I want you to tell me,
convince me that you don't believe me.
[Lucy] Why?
If he thinks you believe
what I'm about to tell you,
he'll decide that you're unstable.
If you say you don't believe me,
he can't prove that you're lying.
Look at me, look.
He can't prove that you're crazy.
But what if I am?
Crazy?
[ominous music playing]
Mike?
Don't go to sleep.
[groans]
You changed back
to feather pillows.
Makes my eyes itch.
Well, sleep in your own bed then,
come on, it's late.
[Mike] Are you okay?
I'm fine.
You haven't said a word about it.
[Lucy] What?
About last week.
Shane Fisher.
Well, what do you want me to say?
I don't...
like you being around people like that.
It's my job to be around people like that.
Yeah, I know.
And I don't like it. I never have.
Well, he's dead now, so that's
one less thing for you to worry about.
Hey, I'm being serious.
I know.
I don't want to be serious.
Not now, not with you,
I just wanna... drink wine,
listen to your crappy jokes
and maybe have a half an orgasm.
Half?
- Two thirds?
- [laughs]
I love you.
I know.
But...
But I don't need you to love me,
I need you to love him.
I tried.
But, I needed him to love me back.
He does love you.
You think that if you love him hard enough
then he'll feel it, but he won't.
You can't fix him, Luce.
Hey. [sighs]
Hey.
Oi.
Why doesn't the Queen wave with this hand?
[sighs]
I don't know.
Because it's my hand.
[laughing]
Dickhead.
Mike, I mean it, out.
[Mike groans]
Jesus...
[Lucy] Isaac?
What is it, sweetheart?
There's a man in the garden.
[ominous music playing]
[panting]
Where did you see him?
[ominous music playing]
What was he doing?
Looking.
Are you scared?
It's okay to be scared.
Not everything we see is real.
Oh, you're cold.
Go back inside, darling.
[gate door shuts]
- [door chimes]
- [indistinct chatter]
Choose anything you want. Okay?
Doesn't matter how much.
Anything.
Yeah?
Go on, I'll be here.
[indistinct chatter]
[laughs]
["Between the Bars"
by Elliot Smith plays]
♪ And forget all about
the pressure of days ♪
♪ Do what I say and I'll make you okay ♪
♪ And drive them away ♪
♪ The images stuck in your head ♪
♪ People you've been before ♪
♪ That you don't want around anymore ♪
♪ That push and shove ♪
♪ And won't bend to your will... ♪
Hello, hello, hello, what's all this then?
Causing trouble, are we?
What's your name?
Isaac Stephens.
Oh.
The notorious Isaac Stephens, mm?
Making mischief again, no doubt.
I'll have to speak to your mummy.
You are my mummy.
I am not your mummy.
I am an officer of the law.
Now move along, please,
we'll have no lollygagging here.
[laughs] Isaac, come back, sweetheart.
I was joking.
Mummy was being funny.
Isaac, I will buy you anything you want.
Anything. Let's have a look around.
Sure you don't want the police hat?
Okay.
[singing with radio] ♪ I don't know what
to do and I'm always in the dark ♪
♪ We're living in a powder kegs
and giving off sparks ♪
♪ I really need you tonight ♪
♪ Forever's gonna start tonight ♪
[Bonnie Tyler] ♪ Once upon a time
I was falling in love ♪
♪ Now I'm only falling apart... ♪
Mummy could have been a singer, right?
Damn right.
♪ It's nothing I can do,
a total eclipse of the heart... ♪
♪ Once upon a time
there was light in my life ♪
♪ But now there's only love
in the dark... ♪
[music cuts out]
Isaac, open the door for mummy.
Hurry, hurry, hurry,
my arms are gonna drop off.
[sighs]
Isaac?
Do you want Mummy to open your new toy?
Here you go.
Aren't you gonna play with it?
You made Mummy buy it, so play with it.
Please.
Play with it.
Go to your room.
[sighs]
This is all of the evidence seized from
Brightside Lodges last Thursday night.
No name on the booking
but we believe this is the man
that murdered Harold Slade
and Shane Fisher.
We don't know who he is.
We don't know where he came from.
We don't even know what he looks like.
What we do know is that he's looking
for a woman named Lucy Chambers.
I know you're all busy,
but this man's killed two people
in the last fortnight.
So, I need you to stop
what you're doing and empty these boxes.
Remember to sign the exhibit labels.
Anything that looks like a reference
to a date, a time, a name,
file it in the red box.
Photos of trees, existential poetry,
drawings of bees go in the green box.
Any questions?
Yes.
Shouldn't the useful stuff
go in the green box?
Why?
Well, green is good, red is bad.
Yeah but, red means important.
Like, uh, a red flag.
Green means okay, nothing to worry about.
No, but green means go,
you know, take action.
Red means stop.
Yeah, but stop
is an action though, isn't it?
Like, if you're driving along
and you see a red light, that's an action.
- [indistinct chatter]
- Okay, Dawson. No, we put stuff in...
We found child porn on his laptop.
[chatter stops]
We also found the name
"Hobson" scrawled on his wall.
That was the name
of Jonah Taylor's teddy bear.
[sniggers]
It's not a joke.
Get to work.
[ominous music playing]
[Lucy] Isaac, have you got your shoes on?
Isaac?
What you doing, darling?
[Isaac] What are you doing, darling?
Hey.
What you looking at?
She's not allowed to draw on the table.
What table?
Are you using your imagination,
like we talked about?
What can you see?
She knows she's not supposed to do it.
[ominous music playing]
- No, no, no, forget it, chuck 'em all.
- Yes, Chef.
You're sure you've never met this person?
Don't think so.
Maybe take a closer look.
I don't know who that is.
What about him?
Not a clue.
Who are these people?
Harold Slade was murdered
in his home last Monday,
Shane Fisher was found dead
at his ex-wife's house last Thursday.
Both local.
Slade lived in Tanford,
Fisher was from Gillington.
I don't know anyone in Gillington.
[Nick] All right, what about customers?
Maybe an old colleague.
Sorry, what exactly
does this have to do with me?
What is this?
[Ravi] The suspect was staying
in a guest house just off the 364.
This was taken in his room.
Doesn't make sense.
You're sure you don't know these men?
[Nick] We've got your address
as 33 Clinton Road, is that right?
We'll get a marked vehicle parked outside.
It's just a precaution.
You're not the only Lucy Chambers
in the area.
Try not to worry, Miss Chambers.
We'll be in touch as soon as we know more.
Thank you for your time.
[sombre music playing]
[Lucy] And every time
he chooses the same toy.
[Dr Bennet] You must have
quite a collection, Isaac.
What do you do with them?
Ahh, nothing.
He doesn't do anything with them.
[Dr Bennet]
I'd, um, I'd like to try something.
It may seem a bit basic,
but, um, bear with me.
Isaac.
I'd like you to look at
some pictures with me.
Is that okay?
All right, so.
Can you tell me
is this person happy or sad?
Sad.
And how do you know?
They're crying.
All right.
And what about this person?
Scared.
[Dr Bennet laughs] Yes,
they do look quite scared, don't they?
That's good.
- This one?
- Angry.
[Dr Bennet]
Yeah, rrrr, very, very angry.
Good.
And what about this one?
- Happy.
- [Dr Bennet] That's right.
Good, yeah. This is a happy face.
What makes you happy, Isaac?
I...
don't know.
[Dr Bennet] What about Mummy?
What sort of things make Mummy happy?
Chips.
[laughs]
[laughing] Good, okay, chips.
What else?
What else makes Mummy happy?
- Music.
- [Dr Bennet] Music.
That's great.
And what kind of things make Mummy sad?
Me.
[dramatic music playing]
[car engine revving]
[thuds]
[shouting] Fuck!
[Rob] Kids showing up at school
every week with fresh bruises,
the mum's got a new boyfriend,
the neighbours say they come home drunk
at all hours,
no one's looking after the kids.
If that's not a Section 47.
I don't know what is.
Who was on the mash inquiry?
[Rob] Karen.
It's been allocated as a child in need,
it's not a child in need,
it's a Section 47.
Anything to avoid more paperwork.
And meanwhile,
this poor kid is being stuck in...
Okay, Rob, I get it, I get it.
I'll talk to Karen.
I'll see if I can put a police referral.
Thanks.
Sorry.
How you doing?
[sighs]
Yeah.
I keep thinking about it
and I wasn't even there.
I thought he'd killed them.
Standing out there on the street,
I was so sure.
And then when I found out
it was Shane, I...
I was relieved.
A man died and I was relieved.
[Rob] No, a child lived.
That's why you're relieved.
[Lucy] I thought Shane
was gonna hurt them.
I know he was.
[Rob] Yeah, well...
Look, you've got good instincts.
[sighs] That's why
you're sitting in the fancy chair.
This is the fancy chair?
Christ, I'd hate to be your arse.
[Rob] There's worst things
to be than my arse.
Least you got to sleep all day.
- [Lucy] Don't do that.
- [Rob] What?
You're stood here, in my office,
spanking yourself.
I'm not spanking myself.
Well, that's what I'm putting
in the HR report.
[laughs]
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine. [laughs]
- Rob?
- Yeah?
[Lucy] Whose is the Fiat Punto?
Ah, it's Tina's I think. Why?
I shunted it.
And the bumper came off.
Want me to tell her?
No, I'll... I'll tell her.
Take your sleeping arse back your...
shit chair.
[laughs]
[ominous music playing]
[car door shuts]
[gasps]
[exhales]
[inhales]
Are you sure that's what you want?
We could look at getting you rehoused
under the circumstances.
No.
[sighs]
Uh, your house is still a crime scene.
For how long?
I don't know.
I need to talk to the police.
They know who did it yet?
I'm sorry,
we don't know anything about that.
My job's making sure you three are okay.
[chuckles]
We'll be all right.
[sighs]
I should have let him in. [sobs]
He was threatening you, Chloe.
Yeah, 'cause I was being a selfish bitch.
[object clatters]
Did you think about what I said,
about speaking to someone?
Oh, I don't need to speak to someone.
All right?
I just need to go home.
Sorry.
[sighs]
My sister's been great.
There's... there's no room here.
None of us are sleeping.
As soon as I've got Seb down,
I'm up again with these,
these chest pains.
What chest pains?
I've... I've started getting,
what do you call it?
Acid reflux?
Honest, it feels like someone's
stabbing me in the bloody chest.
What sort of time?
I don't know.
11:00. 12:00?
What difference does it make?
It doesn't. Sorry.
We'll get you back home, okay?
Let me talk to the police.
[ominous music playing]
Shit.
[Ravi] Lucy Chambers?
Yes?
I'm DI Ravi Dhillon. This is DS Hollis.
We were wondering
if we could ask you a few questions?
It's nothing to worry about.
I, uh, yes, of course.
Could you look at this picture for me?
Tell me if you know this man.
I don't think so.
[Ravi] His name's Harold Slade.
Does that mean anything?
What about him?
No. Should I?
Have you ever seen this car before?
Mrs Chambers?
[thud]
That, that was chipped before.
[Ravi] Where have you seen this car,
Mrs Chambers?
We live out in Tanbrook.
It's quite secluded.
About three years ago,
we noticed a red car down by the woods.
There's a foot path.
People park there sometimes
to walk their dogs,
they come and go,
but this car didn't go.
It's a small community.
Everyone knows everyone
but nobody knew who it belonged to.
Then my neighbour thought he saw it
driving around at night.
It seemed to appear and reappear
in different spots.
One day, we saw it at the end of the lane.
Our lane.
Did you get a look at the driver?
Nobody ever saw the driver.
That's one of the things that...
Mrs Chambers?
[laughing] Oh, well, you know.
Your imagination runs away with you,
doesn't it?
[laughs]
And then one day it just disappeared.
Never saw it again.
It was definitely this car?
What's this about?
Oh, the car was stolen.
We're just confirming reported sightings.
Well, it was three years ago.
It's absolutely nothing to worry about.
Thank you very much for your time,
Mrs Chambers.
You should have warned her, Dhillon.
- She's in danger.
- No, she isn't.
He found her three years ago and moved on.
What? I don't follow.
That isn't the Lucy Chambers
he was looking for.
Yeah, but even still, yeah?
We can't have these women
fearing for their lives.
We have to find the right Lucy Chambers
before he does.
- Spare some change, gents?
- Ah, sorry mate.
- There you go.
- [man] Cheers mate.
No problem. Take care.
He's only gonna spend it
on booze, you know?
Oh yeah? What do you think
I was gonna spend it on?
What d'you do at school today?
Sums. Spelling. Pretending.
What sort of pretending?
I was a spaceman.
A spaceman, wow.
Was that fun?
I don't know.
Did you fly to the moon?
No, it was pretend.
Pretend, like, Meredith?
She's pretend, isn't she?
She's not pretend.
Remember that little girl
we saw on the street the other day?
Her name's Meredith.
Meredith Warren.
Meredith Warren. Come here this instant.
What did you say?
Meredith Warren go upstairs
and think about what you've done.
No, darling, remember.
I'm talking about the little girl
who lives down the road with her parents.
They live here too.
[ominous music playing]
What're you looking at?
Stop it.
Eat your dinner.
Do you want some music on?
Let's put some music on.
["The Tracks Of My Tears" by
Smokey Robinson and the Miracles plays]
♪ People say I'm the life of the party ♪
♪ 'Cause I tell a joke or two ♪
♪ Although I might be laughing ♪
♪ Loud and hearty ♪
♪ Deep inside I'm blue ♪
♪ So take a good look at my face ♪
♪ You'll see my smile... ♪
- [knocks on door]
- Just a second!
Sorry love.
We just need your breakfast order.
I won't be here for breakfast.
I'm starting early.
Thank you.
[dramatic music playing]
The mechanical toys were very superior.
And looked down upon everyone else.
They were full of modern ideas,
and pretended they were real.
What you looking at?
Isaac?
There's a man.
[chuckles]
There's no one there, it's just us.
Isaac, look at me.
Look at me.
- Stop that.
[ominous music playing]
What are you looking at now?
He's moving.
Look, it's not nice to pretend,
sweetheart.
It scares Mummy.
He's not pretend.
Really?
Is it the same man you saw
in the garden?
What's he doing now?
Watching.
Watching... us?
I don't know.
[ominous music playing]
[whispers] How about now?
He's right next to you.
- [cell phone vibrates]
- [gasps]
There's no one there, see?
It's just your imagination.
[sighs]
Go to sleep, darling.
[Isaac] Night night, pumpkin.
[ominous music playing]
[sighs]
[bed creaking]
[ominous music playing]
- [Debbie] Oh, hiya.
- [Lucy] Hi.
- Sorry, is this a bad time?
- No, no, you're alright.
- I'm, I'm just on painting duty.
- Oh.
- It's...
- Lucy.
[Debbie] Lucy, yeah, from number seven.
I just wanted to say, "Hello" properly
and welcome to the neighbourhood,
so. [laughing]
Hello, properly, welcome.
Cheers. I'm Debbie.
Sorry, actually, we, uh...
we don't drink.
Oh. Right, sorry.
- Did you... do you want a cup of tea?
- Oh no, I should get going.
I just wanted to say, "Hi"
and if you ever need to borrow
any sugar or whatever... [laughing]
[Debbie] Actually, that'd be great.
- Because we're completely out.
- Oh, are you?
[scoffs] No. Who borrows sugar?
[laughing]
I don't know.
If you're ever running low,
you know where to find me.
- Number seven.
Actually.
- I will take you up on that cup of tea.
- Yeah.
Of course, Lee's already
talking about converting the loft.
Third day in the place
and I found him up there,
working out
where the new staircase is gonna go.
[Lucy chuckles softly]
He's not happy
unless he's smashing something up.
He had grand plans for your place.
My place?
Hmm. Number seven.
We put in a cheeky offer.
I guess yours wasn't as cheeky?
- Sorry.
- Oh, God, don't be.
I'm a bit of a fatalist.
If we were meant to live there
then we would be, you know?
Is it just the three of you here?
[Debbie] Yeah. God, yeah.
- One kid is enough.
- [Lucy] Hmm.
I love her to bits but I...
I couldn't face two of her.
Or three?
How old is Meredith?
[Debbie] Seven.
- Don't ask me how that happened.
- So, is she at Lyle Hill?
Rushgrow Primary.
So, she's never been to Lyle Hill?
[Debbie] No.
Is that where yours goes?
[cell phone vibrating]
Oh.
- Sorry. Do you mind if I get this?
- [mouthing] No.
[Debbie] Hello?
No, painting duty.
Yeah, I thought the rain
was coming this afternoon.
[ominous music playing]
[clears throat quietly]
[laughs]
[ominous music playing]
[Gideon] You're not crazy.
You must never think that.
I know it's hard.
I know that everything seems irrational.
Impossible.
But you're completely sane.
Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
I'm not sane.
And neither are you.
No, I am.
I am.
I know that I've done things.
- I know...
- [sighs]
I've been where you are.
You're starting to remember, Lucy,
I know you are.
But you don't wanna trust those memories.
Because they're upside down,
they're back to front, they're in reverse.
Everyone can remember the past,
how can you possibly remember the future?
I can help you understand.
You're just playing games.
No, this is not a game.
What we're doing here
is more important than you know.
What I know
is they're gonna lock you away.
And we are never gonna speak again.
Please don't do this.
What about your son?
Isaac.
That's why you're here.
You still have questions.
I can help you answer them.
[ominous music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[boy] There he is.
Not even joking,
he'll do anything you tell him.
Whatever you say, he'll do it.
Watch.
Hey, mate.
Mate, stand on one leg.
[laughs]
Sit on the ground.
Stand up.
Put your finger in your nose.
- Eew!
- Oh, mate, what you doing?
That's rank.
Hey, hit yourself in the face.
[laughter]
Do it again.
Harder.
- Harder.
- Hey, Fin...
Again!
[laughs]
Harder.
Harder!
[sighs]
[Davies] Sir?
Had a woman from Social Services
on the phone.
Chloe Fisher's case worker.
Wants to know
when we'll be out of the property.
Ask Dawes to speak to forensics.
[Davies] Actually I said
you'd give her a call.
Thought you might
wanna deal with this one yourself.
Yeah? Why's that?
Because her name's Lucy Chambers.
[telephone ringing]
[ringing continues]
I hope it goes without saying
we take bullying very seriously.
[Lucy] This isn't bullying,
this is assault.
We've spoken to some of the boys
in year six and we...
Year six.
You're telling me
a year six did this to him?
Well, they're saying he did it to himself.
- [Lucy] What?
- Isaac is very impressionable.
The other children were seeing
how far they could push it.
- I don't...
- [Miss Jones] One of them told Isaac
to hit himself, and he did.
Who told you that?
Isaac did.
I want them gone.
Mrs. Chambers.
If some sick little prick
thinks it's funny to coax a child
into hitting himself...
I can assure you,
no one is taking this lightly.
We're trying to ascertain what happened.
You know what happened.
Isaac doesn't lie.
We spoke to the other boy.
And he's denying it.
No, you don't understand,
Isaac doesn't lie.
- He doesn't know how.
- He does have a very vivid imagination.
Are you saying he made it up?
We're saying we need to make sure we have
all the facts before we take action.
Has Isaac ever hurt himself before?
No.
I'm sure you'll appreciate
there are steps we need to take
when a child is self-harming.
This isn't self-harm.
He didn't do this because he wanted to.
He did it because someone told him to.
Because there is something wrong.
- The EA have conducted...
- What's the EA got to do with it?
I'm not talking about special needs.
Christ, I have been to every psychiatrist
in the county.
I know he doesn't have special needs.
But not one of them can tell me
why my son doesn't laugh or cry
or why he won't so much
as hug me unless I tell him to.
People...
[sniffs]
People self-harm because they are angry
or upset.
Or guilty.
But he doesn't feel those
things, he can't feel anything
because he's broken, something's just...
broken and I don't know how to fix it.
[sobs]
Um, [sniffs] if you can't look after him,
I'll find somewhere else.
[indistinct chatter]
[man] Excuse me.
[woman] Hang on.
Mark?
Why's this sitting on your desk?
- What's that?
- What is it?
It's Lynn's report on the Weber case.
Just sitting there.
We're trying to arrange a CPC
and it's just lying around
on your lunchbox, sort it out.
Ah, Christ.
- Can I help you?
- Yes.
I'm DI Dhillon, this is DS Hollis.
- We're looking for Lucy Chambers.
- She's not here at the minute.
[Ravi] Do you know when she's coming back?
No idea, she's probably out on a visit,
you'll need to speak to Rob.
- Which one's Rob?
- [Karen] He's in a meeting.
Any idea when he'll be out?
[Karen] You're welcome to wait.
- [Ravi] Is this her?
- Yes, the one in the middle, yeah.
- Good guess.
- It's not a guess.
- Remember the drawings from Lodge 13?
- [Nick] Yeah?
This is her, Nick.
I need you to give me
her mobile number, right now.
Please?
[ominous music playing]
[car engine turns off]
Does it hurt?
It's okay to cry.
If it hurts,
sometimes crying makes it better.
[sighs]
Come here.
I won't give up, okay?
I love you so, so much.
Come on.
Okay. What do you want for dinner?
I think we've got
chicken nuggets in the freeze...
Wait there.
Wait here, do you understand?
[glass crunching]
[gasps]
[ominous music playing]
- Lucy.
- [screams]
Oh! Sorry. I've broke your glass.
Mike.
So, you weren't here, so I just...
So you thought you'd just let yourself in?
[exhales]
- I needed a wee.
- Oh, fuck's sake, Mike.
Lucy, I, I really need to talk to you
about something.
- Um...
- [pants]
Aren't you gonna say,
"Hello" to your son?
Hello, Isaac.
Do... do you, uh, remember me?
Of course he remembers you, Mike,
it's only been a few months,
he's not simple.
What happened to his face?
Kids at school.
[sighs]
You can't be here.
Look, just, just, just listen
to what I have to say,
and then, I'll go.
- [groans]
- [Mike mumbles]
Uh, Isaac, go and play in the other room.
He plays now?
You scared the shit out of me, Mike.
Have you...
Have you been vaping in here?
What? No. I gave up.
[sniffs]
Um, oh, why are you here, exactly?
Um...
[inhales]
Ah, I've been seeing someone.
Okay.
[Mike] She doesn't know about you.
I mean she, she knows that I'm,
I'm still married but...
...she doesn't know that we're still...
She wants to make it...
...serious, official.
[sighs] I'm sorry,
I know that I should've...
...told you about this before.
So this is why you broke into my house?
[laughs]
I didn't break in.
Who is this serious,
official woman, does she have a name?
Uh, uh-huh. Um, Harriet.
Harriet Badcock.
[chuckles]
- Really?
- [laughing] Sorry.
That's not a real name. [laughs]
Look. Whatever. I just...
I thought that you deserved to know.
I didn't want you to find out
on Facebook or...
Not on Facebook, so.
Harriet. Badcock.
[exhales]
You know, she only wants you
for your surname, right?
- We're not getting married.
- Not yet.
[Mike] No, not ever.
Luce, I don't want her.
- She's great but she's not you.
- Mike.
No, listen, I...
I've been... I've been thinking
about what you said and, and I'll do it.
Do what?
[Mike] Whatever it takes.
I'll be his dad, I'll try again.
- If it means that I get you then I...
- No, Mike.
We're supposed to be together, Lucy.
We love each other.
That's all that matters.
It's not...
It's not supposed to be like this.
Sorry, I thought...
I thought this is what you wanted.
I thought you wanted me back in your life.
Well, I'm here and...
Oh, I want you in his life, Mike.
That's what I want.
I want him to have a relationship
with his father.
I want you to spend time with him.
I want you to, ah,
take him on holiday
and uh, teach him bad words and...
and spoil him at Christmas.
You can't spoil him, Lucy,
he doesn't have any feelings.
You don't know what goes on in his head.
No, I don't know what goes on
inside your head, Luce.
Why are we still having sex?
- Ooh.
- [Mike] No, no, come on.
If all you want me to do
is play with your kid...
[shouting] Our kid!
He's our kid, Mike!
[sighs]
Do you still love me or not?
It's not that simple.
What, then, talk to me.
Help me understand.
I think about someone else when we fuck.
No one specific,
I don't see their face, I just um...
I just know it's not you.
Mike.
Mike?
Wait.
I'm sorry.
That wasn't nice, okay, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean it.
Yeah, you did.
[car door opens]
- Hold on...
- [radio blares]
Can you turn that off?
- All right, all right, all right.
- ["One Fine Day" by The Chiffons plays]
♪ You're gonna want me... ♪
[radio turns off]
[sighs] Where'd you put the key?
- What?
- The spare key, where is it?
I don't know, under the mat,
where it lives.
The back door key, Mike,
what did you do with it?
I came in through the front door.
What?
[Mike] I came in through the front door.
Why?
Luce?
[Rob] No, she's left for the day,
she's gone to pick up Isaac.
Who's Isaac?
Her son.
Her son's name is Isaac?
- What's wrong?
- Give me the address.
Isaac!
[Ravi] Forty-three references
to the name Isaac.
I just assumed they were biblical.
I didn't know.
Didn't know what?
He's not coming for her.
He's coming for the boy.
[Lucy panting]
[Gideon] I can't imagine
how he must have felt.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry
that you had to go through it.
Stop talking.
Please, just sit down.
I promise...
- Shut up!
- All right.
Just tell me why.
'Cause it's, it's, it's not...
it's not what you think.
We never did anything to you,
we don't even know you,
you had no reason.
You had no reason to touch him,
- [choking up] Lucy.
- [Lucy] Just answer the question.
Tell me why you took my little boy.
[ending theme music playing]